Readme.md, before:

# grock

Grock converts your nicely commented code into a gorgeous documentation where comments and code live happily next to each other.

## Inspiration

- [Literate programming](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literate_programming) (the programming methodology coined by [Donald Knuth](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Knuth))
- [Jeremy Ashkenas](https://github.com/jashkenas)' [docco](http://jashkenas.github.com/docco/)
- The [groc](http://nevir.github.com/groc/) project -- this implementation is heavily based on this, but uses node.js streams

## Uses

- [vinyl-fs](https://github.com/wearefractal/vinyl-fs) for abstracting files
- [Solarized](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized)
- [marked](https://github.com/chjj/marked)
- [highlight.js](http://highlightjs.org/)

Oh, and all the heavy lifting (splitting code and comments, parsing doc tags) is actually code from [groc](http://nevir.github.com/groc/)!

## Roadmap

- [x] Be awesome with streams
- [x] Split code and comments
- [x] Highlight code
- [x] Generate TOC as JSON file
- [x] Render doc tags (like jsdoc)
- [ ] CLI docs, `.groc.json` config support
- [ ] Tests. Test for everything.
- [ ] Add another style.

Commit message:

Options from Config File, Don't do Relative Roots

Readme.md, after:

# grock

Grock converts your nicely commented code into a gorgeous documentation where comments and code live happily next to each other.

## Inspiration

- [Literate programming](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literate_programming) (the programming methodology coined by [Donald Knuth](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Knuth))
- [Jeremy Ashkenas](https://github.com/jashkenas)' [docco](http://jashkenas.github.com/docco/)
- The [groc](http://nevir.github.com/groc/) project -- this implementation is heavily based on this, but uses node.js streams
- [Gulp.js](http://gulpjs.com/), a build system that uses streams to transform files

## Based on

- [vinyl-fs](https://github.com/wearefractal/vinyl-fs) for abstracting files
- [Solarized](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized)
- [marked](https://github.com/chjj/marked)
- [highlight.js](http://highlightjs.org/)

Oh, and all the heavy lifting (splitting code and comments, parsing doc tags) is actually code from [groc](http://nevir.github.com/groc/)!

## Roadmap

- [x] Be awesome with streams
- [x] Split code and comments
- [x] Highlight code
- [x] Generate TOC as JSON file
- [x] Render doc tags (like jsdoc)
- [ ] CLI docs, `.groc.json` config support
- [ ] Correctly parse relative roots
- [ ] Tests. Test for everything.
- [ ] Add another style.
